
“I have a dream that no child will go to bed hungry tonight,” said Tom in the future.
“Have you ever eaten sheep before?” Tom asked in passing.
“I’d love to meet the prince!” said Tom in passing.
“My parents are in bed”, Tom said in passing.
“I’ve never seen him dance before!”, Tom said in person.
“I think I’ll be a psychiatrist”, Tom said inwardly.
“She’s a great beauty, but her voice is terrible!”, Tom said judgmentally.
“I was going to do a backflip, but my ankle was sore,” Tom said limply.
“I’ll be the best man at your wedding,” Tom said lowly.
“I’ll be the maid of honor at your wedding”, Tom said maidishly.
“She’s as ugly as a pig!”, Tom said malodorously.
“I’ll never be able to get to sleep before I finish this book!”, Tom said malingeringly.
“I’ve never been more bored than when I watched the Super Bowl with my Dad”, Tom said monotonously.
“I’ve never been to the beach before!”, Tom said naively.
“I’m going to make myself a big sandwich,” Tom said nonchalantly.
“Did you hear what they’re starting to call me?”, Tom said ironically.
“I’ll be out of town for the next few days”, Tom said temporarily.
“I’ll miss that when I’m on my way to Canada”, Tom said tearfully.
“I’m not very good at keeping secrets,” Tom said tellingly.
“I’ll try to get a good night’s sleep tonight,” Tom said tiredly.
“I’m going to my house immediately”, Tom said instantly.
“I think I’ll buy a new car,” Tom said shortly.
“I’ll sew you a new dress if you want one”, Tom said seamily.
“I’m a good friend of Fidel Castro’s,” Tom said secretly.
“I’m taking the same class as you”, Tom said simultaneously.
“I’ll never be able to get married,” said Tom single-handedly.
“You’ll never find a better place to live in all of Egypt!”, Tom said boastfully.
“I’ll have to get a second job”, Tom said financially.
“I can’t stop thinking about what makes us healthy!”, Tom said physiologically.
“I’ll go so far as to say I’m a better person than you!”, Tom said wickedly.
“That’s really a good thing”, Tom lied.
“That’s the best joke I’ve heard in my life”, Tom said laughing.
“I’ll get lunch for everyone”, Tom said considerately.
“I’ll never be able to get a good night’s sleep again after that!”, Tom said restlessly.
“I don’t have the time to see you tonight”, Tom said sadly.
“I don’t want to waste the electricity”, Tom said sensitively.
“I’ve never been sued before”, Tom said successfully.
“I’ve never been sued before”, Tom said successfully.
“We were all in a car accident”, Tom said unsuccessfully.
“I’ll have to go because my wife is expecting me”, Tom said unapologetically.
“I’m worried we won’t be able to make it to the play tonight”, Tom said apprehensively.
“I’m going to go to a show before the play”, Tom said ahead of time.\